The second season is airing now and it has recorded a 3.6 percent viewing rate, which for a cable TV show is impressive and unprecedented.
In the pictorial, she used the appellation "Lim, Kim" which she used back in America.
Basically, this is an agreement contract between South Korea and the United States which states that the Korean government may not reprocess nuclear fuels without the U.S. government's consent.
The absurdity in this dialogue is due to the Korean word "Sinsa," which actually means "a shrine."
A power reserve level around 2 million kW is considered a dangerous level, which may bring blackouts.
Nowhere is this more apparent than in the IT industry, which is undoubtedly the fastest moving field in the market.
Using ingredients which are commonly used allows people to engage with the food more easily.
On March 14, Xi Jinping was appointed as president of China which signifies a change in the leadership of the Chinese government.
It is based on the Hangul characters "ᄑ" and "ᄎ" which are used to write Pyeong and Chang.
The band is also known for its trendsetting fashion, which the media has called the 'SHINee Trend.'
Many also believe that people can decide for themselves which foods are healthy or unhealthy.
Many analysts share the view that this pattern has moved from Japan to Korea and is now in China, which explains the growth of the luxury items market in Asia.
However, it is evident that Islamic culture, which originated in the Middle East around the seventh century, has reached as far east as China and as far west as Spain.
Many Seoul citizens perceive themselves as middle-low class stating, a major reason which induces social distinction between people is with the income level.
These days, there are hundreds of crimes, which occur on the Internet.
Although the aircraft was designed primarily as a transport helicopter, there are plans to fit it with TOW missiles which can attack ground targets such as tanks.
Those who have studied the effects of running also say that running allows the brain to enter a state similar to that which occurs during meditation.
They use ingredients which people use every day.
In doing so, nutrias displace fertile topsoil, creating patches of land on which growth is difficult and limited.
They added that the album is full of tracks which demonstrate her individuality.
In the early 1990s, Dr. Frank Lanza led a team of doctors to test a new drug called Prevacid which treated ulcers.
Russian sources also confirmed that there have been incidents in which terrorists tried to get information on weapons kept in secret storage sites after the 9/11 attacks in 2001.
China's case demonstrates the motives behind nuclear weapons development in other middle power states such as India and Pakistan, which are both capable of producing and employing nuclear weapons.
This is an example of the placebo effect, which is a medical phenomenon that has baffled many doctors and scientists.
However, fans are excited to see how Korea's best slugger continues to renew the home run record, which is one of the greatest achievements in baseball.
The walking rock theory is about the mystical Stone Heads of Easter Island, Moai, which may have been "walked" into position.
Japan has adopted 'Happy Monday' which has been effective in increasing holidays by extending the weekends to Mondays.
However, many fans prefer open-air stadiums to dome stadiums as the dome stadiums are unventilated which may make it feel stuffy.
Policies regarding the nuclear plants, which incurred countless casualties, are going through hardships in recovering.
These monster rats are nutrias, which are water rats that live in or near streams.
Impressionism is a 19th century art movement which consisted of several Parisian artists.
Many say that universities should not distort the fundamental purpose of universities, which is to provide an array of academic studies.
These highly caffeinated drinks promote the body to secrete stomach acid, which leads to gastroenteric trouble.
The legal dispute turned into a trade dispute between the U.S. and Europe over government subsidies to the manufacturers which is not allowed under the WTO system.
They also have lots of vitamin A and protein, which prevents and delays skin from aging.
They are called Trojan Horses because they are similar in design to the actual Trojan horse, which was a trap disguised as a gift.
In the history of mankind, there were many cases in which the development of countries was largely affected by some of the major wars.
It is Luhrmann's second time working with Leonardo Dicaprio after "Romeo + Juliet," which aroused peoples' expectation with this new film.
Originally, the pope was regarded as the greatest of the church leaders called "primus inter pares"which is Latin for "first among equals".
The phrase "placebo effect"is used to describe a situation in which a fake treatment improves a patient's condition simply because the patient believes it will.
The Arctic Council is an international forum, which consists of eight member countries bordering the North Pole.
Japan also implemented 'Golden Week,' which allows for 7~10 days off by concentrating holidays in the beginning of May.
It was called an "ice cake,"which was in the form of a simple popsicle.
It is the day the Korean Armistice Agreement was signed, which ended the disastrous Korean War.
. Her influence and legacy, which originated from her courage and determination, continues to live on throughout the world.
The revolution she began created a shift in social reformation which also affected most Western countries during the 20th century.
As a result, the MMA is planning to use a system in which athletes are given military exemptions based on scores for each competition.
They carry parasites such as the rat lungworm, which can cause fatal meningitis in humans.
Vegetables are rich in fiber and vitamins, which make people healthy.
"ᄑ" also resembles a square, which represents a space for heaven, earth and humanity to be in harmony.
Those antioxidants can also be found in eggs - especially the yolk, which contains zinc that helps reduce macular degeneration risk.
Everyone has the right to choose which foods they want to eat and to regulate that would be an infringement of that right.
The Jeju Uprising continued throughout the Korean War, which led the Korean peninsula into chaos and ended finally in September, 1954.
The Stockholm syndrome is a phenomenon in which hostages in very stressful situations develop positive feelings towards their captors.
But if not the U.S., which nation-state would be suitable, China? Britain? Russia? France?
Afterwards, depending on the public's reaction, the playground may be developed by putting more facilities like benches and equipment which owners and dogs can use.
In the post-Cold War era, preventing accidental or unauthorized use of nuclear weapons, which is known as negative control, is vital for prevention of a nuclear war.
The moon usually comes closest to the Earth once every month which is called perigee.
Citrus fruits and berries are rich in vitamin C which also reduces the risk of developing the above mentioned ailments.
However, there was another group that took placebo, which is a fake drug that has no medical effect.
Oxidation of the lens is a major cause of cataracts, which cloud the lens.
Regarding this situation, historians and teachers say not to blame the students, but the current educational system which is highly problematic.
For example, 'The Great Gatsby,' which every American considers as a 'Great American Novel,' was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald in 1925.
Of those who have survived, 2,303 are reported to have suffered from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder , which eventually led to death.
Also, a reality show called "Real Men" began airing several weeks ago on MBC, which is about six male celebrities who spend several days as soldiers in the army.
All of which Turkish protestors have been chastised for.
There are also cases in which modified recipes by modisumers are developed into new products.
For soldiers, one of the main causes of PTSD is "survivor's guilt," which they experience after surviving while their friends have died.
This means that Korea's power reserve level will drop significantly which may lead to power shortages.
The pace is a lot slower than last season, which took only 65 games to surpass the 1 million mark.
Like 'Tron: Legacy,' the film 'Oblivion' features stunning visuals which portray an Earth without humanity.
Unfortunately, the Indian and the Eurasian plates collide under the Sichuan area, creating friction, which leads to an earthquake.
Starfish have eyes at the end of each arm, which look like red dots.
It was called Mesopotamia, a Greek word which means "the land between the rivers."
The "Medical Book" is a book of the covenant within families of the fox with nine tails which contains a method of how guardian angels can become human.
The word placebo comes from the Latin word which translates to "I shall please".
However, in the 1990s when dance music was booming, he kept his ballad style, which fell from mass appeal.
Using the space telescope NASA identified two solar systems, Kepler 62 and Kepler 69, which may contain Earth-like planets.
Kaesong Industrial Complex is an industrial complex around the Kaesong City area in North Korea, which developed after the 6.15 Joint Agreements in 2000.
Many college students and basketball fans try to predict which teams will play in the championship game.
Also, polyurethane material is elastic which makes pants very comfortable.
A memorable event was the meeting of separated families of the South and the North, which was held in both Pyongyang and Seoul.
This is especially true in Korea, which has one of the world's largest populations with the Internet access, which is rapidly increasing the number of smartphone users.
PRISM is a government covert program controlled by the FBI and the NSA which began in 2007.
Cosmetic companies that do not use animal-testing instead use in vitro testing, which identify potential problems that cosmetic products may cause.
His most recent hit was 'Jack Reacher' which garnered critical acclaim for his acting.
There are movies and dramas which are based on popular webcomics.
Self-driving cars offer not only freedom from having to drive the car, but also enhanced safety thanks to computers which can think faster and more logically than any human.
It is known to have the best weather in Italy, with a typical Mediterranean climate in which the average temperature never goes below 8°C.
One possible explanation is that the placebo effect causes the body to release endorphins which are used by the body to relieve pain.
Polyester is a low absorbent material, which prevents clothes from sticking on wet skin.
Especially with Tumblr's social media network feature which is adapted with smart phones and tablet PC, Yahoo expects to make up for its weakness.
Like the Apple/Samsung dispute a clash between Boeing and Airbus, which developed into a legal dispute, helped to reshape the commercial air industry.
The Mesopotamian religion was polytheistic, which means that people believed in multiple gods and goddesses.
As the controversy continued, Jeju citizens refused to vote in the election, which changed the course of history in the Korean peninsula by establishing a sole government in South Korea.
It is the center of an advanced coastal industrial zone, which has developed strong industries such as cars, technologies, shipbuilding and oil refining.
Another major project that aims to look for life is NASA's Kepler mission which has recently found possible new Earth-like planets.
But on this show, celebrities eat just like ordinary people, which bring them closer to their fans.
I was listening to her talk on the phone, which she did a lot.
Some students described the program as an "interest time-bomb," which could explode after graduation.
And children tend to get into fights which escalate in terms of force.
We have the means by which we could create a truly global society.
The match went into penalty kicks, which Japan won 3-1.
The bubbles trap the virus’ parts, which wash away with water.
There's a metaphor which I love, living like a drawing compass.
One must consider the societal perspectives which would be impacted.
And they largely succeeded, which is how the fraud became endemic.
So this is which coin you pick, and this is the two tosses.
Officetels, which are defined as "semi-residential" properties, are considered non-residential facilities.
The telephone summit, which lasted 13 minutes, was realized at Roh's request, Yoon said.
There are 11 numbers, which I call the 11 holy numbers.
He wasn't offered counseling before or after the test, which is best medical practice.
It's like visual illusions, in which understanding them does not make them go away.
However, Jin has earned international acclaim for his books which are written in English.
So let me tell you about the U-report, which I'm really excited about.
It has a lot of different nuts, which Americans especially seem to enjoy.
I have voiced my concerns, which have been met with stiff resistance.
The rock slowly dissolves, leaving a shallow basin, which is often covered with water.
The ultimate goal of mankind is survival, which is obtained through betterment.
Which is why the Scientific Revolution had to have a wider context.
While I was hesitating which should be mine, others took all the good ones.
So, with "Terminator 2," which was my next film, we took that much farther.
To this point, South Korea has not used vaccines, which are expensive.
There's also aciniform silk, which is used to wrap prey.
Which they do. And I have a copy. It's in your TEDGift Bag.
I have swum in front of glaciers which have retreated so much.
There's no doubt which show is the king of Korean comedy these days.
This is a project called Photosynth, which really marries two different technologies.
I have to climb to the top, which can be very challenging.
There was an article which was run by AP, on the wire.
Han tried to picture the era in which Lee Sang lived.
Which means, yes, I have a little shame; no, I'm a sociopath.
United Arab Emirates, money, which was quite equally and well used.
Which means that, in Greek ethos, Hector's soul will wander eternally, lost.
The rally, which began after 6 p.m., ended peacefully just over one hour later.
Then you have touch, which is about the speed of a USB key.
And it's a story in which humans play an astonishing and creative role.
He finished in 7 minutes, 52.07 seconds, which is a new Korean record.
He's a wonderful enthusiast, which is why I love him.
We intend to stick to our original schedule which was released last year, said Lee.
They spend an awful lot on buying back their stock, which is quite problematic.
In the end, one has a list with which one then can arrange.
It's held in a geographic information system which allows me to zoom in.
It is the part of the stratosphere which contains ozone.
The country is suffering from a shortage of flour, which means no bread.
This is going to be a glowing source first, which is like bioluminescent bacteria.
Seven brutal years of dictatorship which we spent in exile.
Now, imagine a screen, which is not only touch-sensitive now, it's pressure-sensitive.
So, eventually, the manufacturers actually arrived at a compromise, which was the combo pack.
The new highways will not have tollgates, which usually slow down traffic.
Furthermore, corporate investment, which remained lackluster, has begun to gain growth momentum.
And my responsibility was the Middle East, which was my specialty.
"Debt slavery," which takes advantage of a borrower's situation, stems from market failure, however.
So 144,000 are called Lester, which means about .05 percent is named Lester.
That is leading to a lot of problems which we need to address.
Now I, like Ze Frank, can predict your next thought, which is, "Yeah, right."
Which he did and has since become a great advocate of the whole idea.
And I have a vision, which I'll share with you.
Who's going after Chinese, which now has 400 million internet users out there.
They are now competing to develop AMOLED screens, which are fast and power-efficient.
It is compassion, says the Buddha, which brings you to Nirvana.
And it let me make things, which, to me, was sort of the dream.
That's essentially the resource of the planet, which is women.
The secret is, they have an eco-tourism program, which is absolutely brilliant.
The first is the Security Law, which includes Japan’s right to collective self-defense.
So for example, take katydids, which are relatives of crickets and grasshoppers.
The software, which works on Windows 98 and versions above, may be downloaded at http://jump.naver.com/desk.
Art should be one of the tools by which we improve our society.
We cannot overestimate the health risks of cigarette smoke, which contains 62 carcinogens.
Freedom, which means without permission from anyone, the ability to create.
Which I think is the appropriate sound effect for that much money, 11,900 billion.
Korea, along with Japan, which are considered latecomers, is now actively pursuing bilateral FTA partners.
And yet another moon there -- I don't even know which one it is.
They also ate salted food, which can cause high blood pressure.
The scientists did not tell listeners which word the elephant was imitating.
He was often referred to as "il Commendatore", which means Knight Commander.
And it's an industry which has bucked the current recession with equanimity.
Now, you're shot in the leg with a bullet, which severs your femoral artery.
Which brings us quite nicely to why I'm really here today: Project Space Jump.
Major opposition parties, which led the impeachment motion, have pledged their utmost assistance for Goh.
And so rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
It's one of the six lions which were killed in Nairobi.
Oh, OK. I can see that would. Which were different from General Taylor's.
However, France, which depends heavily on tourism, brought in less revenue than previous years.
And the thing which you'd most like to analyze, we're a fair distance from.
One person may choose which shirt to buy at a store in five minutes.
And this really is something which creates completely new problems for us.
Without uniforms, it is too obvious which students are rich or poor.
And then they include a usage note, which is worth looking at.
Now this is a little pump with which you could inflate a balloon.
He's taught them to spell his name, which is Aldo.
Many states enacted laws to improve the conditions under which people lived and worked.
This differs from hard power which entails coercion or payment.
They have a skill, which makes them much less dependent on foreign aid.
It says poems can bring people together temporarily, which I think is true.
And you may be familiar with the movie "Contact," which sort of popularized that.
So, it is too early to predict which team will win this year's championship.
Let me make a prediction for you, which is probably even more startling.
Morton helped create the term "anaesthesia," which means "without feeling."
In addition, they are written in Hindi, which Indian people prefer more than English.
Now the revolutions are called under the medium which is most used.
The countries which have many babies per woman here, they have quite low income.
This is a map which was finished at the Harvard Business School.
The European Union refuses, which threatens to scupper the DDA round for the second time.
Ideas, which inspire creativity, move around nodes and hubs via links.
"Rather discouragin' name with which to start your quest for a suspect--eh, what, Sergeant?
Because he wanted to make that which was fragile safe.
The speed at which information travels today can depend greatly on one's social network.
To the Japanese, nature is the hometown to which they must return.
Is there one piece in the puzzle which might wrap all these things up?
There are the journalist interviews, which are the interrogation that is expected.
It can also help you to multitask better, which will help you in school.
"TO" is the date upon which the blanket period expires.
There are many ways in which a good marriage can be valuable.
Kailash Satyarthi: Anger, idea, action. Which I tried to do.
And that's a question on which we can make headway.
It was about a space in which I put half a semi-circular yellow disk.
Then, it got caught in a major storm, which killed the boat's engines.
I wanted to ask him questions, which he didn't answer.
Oil heaters, which have been the most popular method until recently, are especially costly.
there is a change in the circumstances on which the ruling was based.
And Korea also invests into long school days, which drives up costs further.
The reasons usually just boil down to the gavage, which is the force feeding.
In particular, it could invent things like a curve which fills the plane.
You've got major cerebellar activity, which is involved in motor coordination.
We all know which side of these we'd like to be on.
Yu-Gi-Oh was first released as a Japanese comic series, which quickly gained immense popularity.
Together they comprise practical wisdom, which Aristotle thought was the master virtue.
Even diseases which were at some point controlled may reappear.
And this creates a structure through which they can combine.
Dorasan in an railway station on the inter-Korean border, which was built during Kim's tenure.
It is about taking that which was scarce and making it abundant.
The festival, which began Saturday, attracted about 200,000 visitors over two days.
And there's national schools, which are like the best schools, and provincial schools.
Here is one example. This is a train which goes from London to Paris.
Also, another sense which comics' vision represents, and that's time.
He appealed to the Seoul Administrative Court, which eventually decided to invalidate his fine.
His most famous book is "Hitler's War" which was written in 1977.
He said "GDP measures everything in short, except that which makes life worthwhile."
Today's government deregulation covered areas which have little influence on the overall property market.
This was the pre-bureaucratic age, an age in which everything had to be local.
POSCO, which changed its name years ago, is still called Pohang Iron & Steel Co.
He asked people which New York schools were the best.
Snowboarders may prefer Phoenix Park, which is also in Pyeongchang.
One box comprises 25 360-milliter bottles, which is common in Korea.
Stop giving them lists of questions every single one of which has an answer.
However, it is fundamentally a business in which billions of dollars are at stake.
And there was no time for that, which is kind of amazing.
And last, garlic with Salicornia, which is what I like.
Cosmic miracles are something which can be related to SETI.
There is also a Multicultural Street near Insa-dong which opened in January.
Video: Which in turn belongs to a local group of galaxies.
These plants had genes called chloroplast, which turned sunlight into energy.
Korea, which is 31st in the world rankings, is 1-2 against the African nation.
The cartoon was uploaded onto Daum, which is a portal site.
ECX is the market for Ethiopia's new millennium, which starts in about eight months.
The announcement comes with opening of the spring blue crab season, which runs through June.
And then there are the new challenges, which we don't expect.
Obviously, too, the visitor knew in which room Mrs. Drukker slept.
Two: Belly is drawn inward for higher draw weight, which means more power.
He's actually in television repair, which is why people know him.
The Seoul Metropolitan Library, which marked its one-month anniversary Monday, is growing in popularity.
It is more toxic than a cigarette which contains only 0.1 to 1 milligram.
So it's all about finding the simple rules from which complexity emerges.
So I cleverly chose rowing, which I got very good at.
The first is in Ansan, which opened in August 2004.
Later, the group hires a Canadian-born imam, which is a Muslim priest.
We also visited the National Folk Museum, which is located on the palace grounds.
I visited Ganong Bio in Pocheon, Gyeonggi, which operates a “smart” poultry farm.
There is just one reference point, which is the body.
Which leaves the question, what are the big causes of happiness?
The moment was made into a television commercial, which highlighted Roh`s human appeal.
We are in a same-sex relationship, which should make no difference.
In the 1980s we had the Reagan revolution, which lead to deregulation.
Bae starred in the TV drama, which became a huge hit all over Asia.
Multiplexes regularly distribute vouchers for free tickets, which is illegal.
It's a whole new way of doing things, which includes new downsides.
The fourth way in which sound affects us is behaviorally.
All in a single image, which was really cool to me.
So they drank as much vodka as they did plain water, which was interesting.
Performers had to bring their own equipment, which cost them money.
Aristotle called happiness "the chief good," the end towards which all other things aim.
The arms also have many nerves which allow the Octopus to grab and taste things.
The Voyagers carry a golden phonograph record which has messages from Earth.
It lost in the semifinals to Iraq, which eventually won the tournament.
Which is more important, diverse culture or single world culture?
Lizard robots with legs, which have more complicated design than that of snake robots.
The site is minimally managed, which is what gives YouTube such appeal.
Or the Colorado River, which no longer flows to the ocean.
An example of Congo's work which goes on sale next month.
She grew up on a farm in Yamhill, which did not have a library.
He somehow had to escape that hard-scrabble farm from which he was born.
It was found in the pineal gland, which controls hunger.
Here is a soul which has got all the simplicity of confidence.
Caddie is very strong-willed, which makes her a great example for all.
And I did my first "expo de rue," which means sidewalk gallery.
Various diseases thrive in this environment, the most drastic of which is called trachoma.
This new phenomenon has been coined "eomchina" (엄친아), which is short for "mom's friend's son."
They believe the statue doesn't belong in a place, which symbolizes peace and freedom.
So this was the model which actually came out, very amazing.
Ten are nature-sent over which you can't do a thing.
Manta rays' favorite foods are planktons, which are very tiny animals in the ocean.
Which was a very good thing, providing low cost clothing.
Alcohol can be dehydrating which, in turn, may decrease your resistance to bacteria.
You make a decision on which you're going to base an action.
Together, we did this work which you can easily see up there.
The music video features various scenes in which the group’s members perform pretty choreography.
Jang chose Wando as his military headquarters which he named Cheonghaejin.
Or in Arizona, which is John McCain's home, Obama didn't have much improvement.
The parliamentary interpellation session, which began last Friday, is to end tomorrow.
Well, on the left side here you see a urethra which was injured.
More people need treatment for chronic illnesses which result from an unhealthy lifestyle.
This is an image from pretty much my favorite blog, which is AfriGadget.
To which I need only add, "Ez a mi munkank; es nem is keves."
And you render this with the most non-specific material, which is dust itself.
This is a new chair which should come on the market in September.
This car, which is my Mini, doesn't look that safe.
Which means, by definition, that particular leader no longer exists.
There's a media storyline about Wikipedia, which I think is false.
And you may be asking yourself which side I'm on, biology or physics?
They draw a loaf of bread, which is sliced, then put into a toaster.
The small heaters run on "yeontan" (holed briquettes) or wood, which are both relatively inexpensive.
It was followed by Pohang University of Science and Technology, which took seventh place.
To which I have to say, here's the thing with the singing cats.
Which group loses the most weight, we give them prizes.
He was staring down at his hands which, though folded, were working nervously.
Which you now get free with Windows, and asked them to speak into it.
This benefits the very way plants work, which is another ingenious cycle.
Justin's car, which was a birthday gift from his father, costs $360,000.
This expression, which is known as pride, Jessica Tracy has studied.
This is what they would end up with, which is another color photograph.
Students must start by taking an admissions test, which is often very challenging.
All of which comes to what I wanted to say.
There is the cognitive component, which is, "I understand you."
I was listening to her talk on the phone, which she did a lot.
They're ideas about which people disagree in the deepest possible sense.
My parents named me Sarah, which is a biblical name.
Conversely, there is no concentration at which the sulfur compound will smell like vodka.
Llamas are herd animal, which means they need the *_____________ of other llamas.
The violin, which meant everything to me, became a grave burden on me.
Millions of questions for which, to be honest, I don't have the answers.
Now, your task now is to decide which review is fake?
No, the music pushed me over, which is why I call it one-buttock playing.
And that's one of the satellites which was actually formed on that one.
They just get the school which parents choose for them.
On the right-hand side, input is a 1 output, which goes up.
It also released a Japanese album, which topped Japan’s album chart as well.
Actually, let me put you in that area of learning, which is very insecure.
My home network, PrettyFlyForAWifi, which I think is a great name.
And there was no time for that, which is kind of amazing.
Currently, about 80,000 companies are using Shinhan's BizBANK service, which was introduced in 2001.
It wasn't, in fact, revolutionary politics for which Galois was famous.
He cut his hair, which covered his entire neck before, as well.
This is the electric tie press, which never really did catch on.
It's obviously a place which is very dry, or you wouldn't get dunes.
So this is great for pickled vegetables, which is what we're canning here.
Which just, I hope in 100 years, people will look back and go, "Wow."
We called her Legadema, which means, "light from the sky."
Which one is better: taking the stairs or the elevator?
To the right, on top, you see a theory which is very, very fashionable.
I would propose two kinds which both have much to do with cities.
You should take one shot at a time, which makes every shot very important.
The oceans from which CO2 was released due to a normal warming cycle.
The efforts will bear fruit by 2100, which is not so far away.
There are vertical identities, which are passed down generationally from parent to child.
Man: Which do you think are better, electric cars or engine-operated cars?
Some books have many different pictures which are better when seen through a monitor.
So this is a piece which goes from away to home.
Also starts to carry them backward through the backstop, which also starts to disintegrate.
We don't tell you which one's which, and we say, please type both.
Up there is the skeleton, which is actually what it's trying to do.
Many of the students also took the Korean language courses, which were optional.
That is the scale at which technology has liberated and made it accessible.
He pledged support for Uri during a TV broadcast, for which he was chastised.
Again, an idea which is arrived, but not yet implemented.
These are pipeline routes, which emerge from Kurdistan, which is an oil-rich region.
In which tribal societies do children abandon or kill their parents?
And the level in which Kleiber is in control is in a different level.
As such, the committee is different from its predecessors, which were called "pre-presidential offices."
But frankly micro-reactors which are just now coming on, might serve even better.
Flat smallpox, which killed 100 percent of people who got it.
Also browse examples of all the various books in which your n-gram appears.
At least they patented something which, you know, could do useful things.
Here was BMW's brilliant insight, which they embodied into an ad campaign.
One of its main routes was the Nathula Pass, which connected China with India.
And this leads to the third element, which is new, and that's flexibility.
It only takes 40 minutes, which is faster than the subway.
People started to board the bus, which was soon packed.
They also organized rallies, the largest of which was the "March on Washington" in 1963.
Some of these have already been touched upon by other speakers, which is encouraging.
Last year, 750,000 students took the old test, which was mostly multiple choice.
That is 10 times larger than the mammal radiation, which was a four-legged radiation.
And this is exactly what happened which antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia.
Lobbying in which a lawmaker`s seat is bought and sold is a crime.
So they ran all the shells for us, which was nice of them.
This is his chart, which is not quite published yet.
It's a story of the neocortex, which means "new rind."
Night games use a lot of electricity, which is very wasteful.
Which of these two school policies do you think is better?
Delispice, which has made six albums so far, is better known than Sweetpea.
We have been dealing with a similarly very weak feature, which belongs to osmium.
The possibility of enhanced human-rights 'dialogue', which China has promised, probably also factored.
Went to this village. I knew which woman I would like to take.
It needs to be alert, for which caffeine is very good.
We've done this for a very difficult case, which was for deforestation in China.
Which is that, actually, first one, all value is actually relative.
If you do this, you get the last puzzle piece, which is water.
It is something that takes time and effort, which is not always easy.
One of Zagreb's oldest structures is the Zagreb Cathedral, which was completed in 1102.
At the time, Hong headed the JoongAng newspaper group, which was then owned by Samsung.
So it helped me understand industrial agriculture, which of course is a Cartesian system.
Both have a side benefit, which is that we reduce pesticide use tremendously.
Incorrect, above, which is what almost every swimming coach will teach you.
This led to a little breakdown which actually looked more like this.
That is the path through which souls can come and go beyond national borders.
Which is, what happens if these two, three-dimensional worlds should actually collide?
He teaches the family about his inventions, which include shoes and fire.
A widening surplus could cause the won to appreciate, which would threaten exporter earnings.
The rats were given the drug, serotonin, which stimulates the nerves in the spine.
Dogs are extremely intelligent and are fast learners, which make them great pets.
This helped Koreas to resume the inter-Korean dialogue, which temporarily had slowed down.
The South Bronx, which lies in between, did not stand a chance.
The program, which began on March 7, will run through next February.
Which, by the way, is the task given to you for tomorrow.
But that's a slightly different story, which I won't go into now.
Because there is this asymmetry, which creates, basically, failing governance.
Which was to one of the toughest, most notorious housing projects.
Which means television advertising is down 57 percent for Nike.
Another thing you can't see is the grid on which we hang.
With the money, he buys a chocolate bar, which contains the fifth ticket.
There is basically just one way in which a beehive can function.
Robert climbed the building, which stands 828 meters tall, in a mere six hours.
There's a strange 0.8 percent, among which I include myself.
A survey was taken on which actors play the voice of God in movies.
She chose to attend Harvard, which offered her a full scholarship.
Which I thought was really I showed this to my mother recently.
The album includes eight tracks, which are all composed by Koo herself.
We also need to explain the key values to which they dedicated their lives.
It is a meretricious fandango of imported systems, which the elites themselves don't understand.
Someone had given him a beverage, which was set on the cart.
They walked upright, which would have allowed them to carry and use tools.
But something else happened, which was an epiphany in my life.
More frightening, experts say, is the speed at which these things are occurring.
We have to have a modern concept, which fits to the data.
So this scavenger comes in, which is a giant sixgill shark.
But there's a big difference, which is that it only happens within the colony.
10 CORSO COMO SEOUL is a store which sells fashion items by various designers.
You only need to store things which are really going to effect movement.
I'm being told which part of the stick to use.
Which is why I'll show you a threat, and an architectural response.
And Toyota, which specializes on hybrid cars, can take advantage.
In total, Korea won 12 gold medals, which was a new record.
So we have the American dream look-alike, which is a mobile home.
One slightly silly thing that's invisible is this story, which is invisible to you.
Which group do you think was more likely to judge harshly our subject?
The ministry said it would also give penalties to schools which misuse project fees.
Since it is a civic-level forum, we are reviewing which stance the government should take.
They will probably wake up from hibernation in March, which is earlier than usual.
All right. So, that's one way of doing it, which is five balls down.
Korea should stay vigilant against moral hazard, which causes reliance on further debts.
Later, Galileo learned about the telescope, which had been invented in the Netherlands.
There are websites which list the dates and cities where SantaCon will take place.
I've also written "Sanmungi," which is not about martial arts.
In France, email, which is used globally, is translated as “courriel.”
There, they found several clusters of pre-galactic fragments, which they named "teenager galaxies."
So let me illustrate that step with a task which is called mental rotation.
In 1819 Missouri, which had 10,000 slaves, applied to enter the Union.
There's a lot of criteria by which we're selecting these brains.
I decided to give this a little name, which is "longevity escape velocity."
It should face the reality which forces corporations to rely on non-regular workers.
That impact shatters bones, some of which then puncture vital organs.
The previous ruling party was the DPP, which is strongly pro-independence.
We have this mountain of data, which is anatomy, physiology and behavior.
Next, I do 57 squared, which is 3,249, so I can say, three billion.
Consumers are especially impressed with the Gear Fit, which has a curved screen.
We cannot stay any more in the National Assembly which committed such a huge crime.
Which also, I think, gets into a little bit of our current idea.
The telescope took pictures of the Carina Nebula, which is about 7,600 light-years away.
Which of you was the key instigator here, or was it symmetrical?
We are in the Highbrow. That's daring, that's courageous and Brilliant, which is great.
Instead, they use tools like Skype, which they think are immune to interception.
My dad was, which is kind of an interesting way to grow up.
It's pointless. It's a pointless activity, which is precisely why it's so important.
I founded another company in '82, which is my company now.
Also, the ground could become unstable, which would cause erosion and destroy infrastructure.
Yuhwa gave birth to an egg from which came Jumong.
Asuna has a mysterious radio, which she received from her father.
I would think media systems were organizations, which means they should help you.
Let me show you one which actually makes some sound.
Which way is it going to go? It's hard to see.
Because they do not know the conditions under which synthetic happiness grows.
He also visited the Mudo military base, which participated in the shelling of Yeonpyeong.
We are the first generation which is in a position to do this.
In addition, there were lanterns showing traditional Korean scenes, which floated on the stream.
We cannot meet your request price, which is 10% lower than our list price.
He criticized North Korea's policies which starved over 1 million people to death.
So Wikipedia's owned by the Wikimedia Foundation, which I founded, a nonprofit organization.
China was followed by Great Britain, which took in 42 golds.
And that's the basis on which we have to talk with them.
Rogue economics is a force which is constantly lurking in the background of history.
Gravity is one thing that we can't see and which we don't understand.
Wearing hemp pajamas, which are air permeable, is also a good idea.
Customers are not choosing which coffee shop to go to.
Brittany is now 19 years old, which means she is legally an adult.
We are increasingly offered a diet in which sensation, not story, is king.
Can we switch to the video disc, which is in play mode?
The Han River, which bisects the capital, froze 24 days earlier than last year.
Typically we end up with about less than half, which is normal.
Consider that Big Macs contain 540 calories, 260 of which are from fat.
We went to Damascus, which has a long history associated with Abraham.
The permafrost also contains methane, which is 25 times stronger than carbon dioxide.
It has also two tilt sensors that tell the machine which way it's tilting.
Here's a site which allows you to look at recovery spending in California.
Ticks are members of the arachnid family, which also includes spiders and scorpions.
It doesn't have any specific information in it which is about English.
Western governments remain wary of a nation which appears to harbor imperialist ambitions.
It can accommodate 60 people in its 16 buildings, which include laboratories and observatories.
It was a charity game, which means all the money was donated to charity.
2. Each Party shall adopt or maintain procedures for issuing written advance rulings which:
Namely, the extent to which you have one of these biased time perspectives.
So we had a $100,000 sports car, which was the Roadster.
But first, we have to ask another question, which is, "What is color for?"
Rather, most British people favor surveillance cameras, which haven't seemed to inhibit them.
They also get less calcium and vitamin B, which are important for growth.
It declined to disclose with which company it established an alliance.
JC: And has anyone ever discovered which secret was yours in the book?
Those, then, are the ways in which older people are useful in traditional societies.
I heard Humphrey saying things that sounded like socialism, which I had just left.
Tony can become a superhero thanks to the armor, which makes him so powerful.
They were hallucinations, which vanished the moment he touched them.
So I have sensory input, which I can take in to make beliefs.
The researchers discovered striking differences depending on which movie the volunteers had watched.
There are also games like Nintendo Wii and DDR which actually help people exercise.
They often add self-praise, which is just as meaningless to the audience.
The only time Mike stopped was for repairs, which he did twice.
Now, they are waiting for their scores, which will come out on December 10.
The Treaty of Versailles, which ended World War I, was signed there in 1919.
Regulations exist that dictate which types of things are not allowed on an airplane.
They have flat bottoms, which made it hard for them to sail.
Without it, the water would not know in which direction to flow.
Bottomless wonders spring from simple rules, which are repeated without end.
Personal characteristics which cannot be mathematically reduced get priced and fixed by marriage information companies.
Most Korean-Americans are U.S. citizens, which means they have trouble registering in the system.
The Spirra, which features distinctive gull-wing doors, will go on sale in Korea in September.
They looked really happy, which made me happy, as well.
The spinal cord had breaks. The neurons were crossing in every which way.
BF: Ten years to perfect, which you're about to see.
There are these other identities which you have to learn from a peer group.
Summer begins with a rainy spell, which is called "jangma" in Korean.
It shouldn't obstruct it, which of course it often does.
English is a language with many rules, and few of which make much sense.
These were all undetected by normal thresholds which would be applied to data.
And my fastest time, which was the world record, was 15.77.
After the defeat, the Democratic Party abolished mobile voting, which was allegedly rigged.
95 percent of the car is biodegradable, which is an amazing feat.
The large screens require extra energy, which further contributes to global warming.
The British counterpart is called Edgehill, which is a U.K. civil war battle.
Eventually stories arose which explained or veiled the mysteries of the rites.
And you're waiting for me to tell you which one comes top.
We make a version with this which puts out 155 decibels.
Maybe 100,000 people have Cochlear implants, which allow them to hear.
North Korea has a clear target at which to aim their rocket launchers.
Which was a very good thing, providing low cost clothing.
Moreover, as everyone knows, look -- it's energy, not oil, which counts.
Now a fourth factor really becomes an obsession, which is, never betray the illusion.
Which is why you react the way you do, because it looks impossible.
And there was also this constant background groan, which was very annoying.
And he picks which joint he wants to move with those chin switches.
There are community sites in which university students make appointments to eat together.
It is most often performed by orchestras, which may feature symphonic or big-band-jazz instrumentation.
These are offices, which, really, in the competition, we didn't have to design.
Here's a blue whale call at 50 miles, which was distant for the humpback.
One must consider the societal perspectives which would be impacted.
Suddenly I was becoming sort of acceptable, which I found also fascinating.
It's 25 to 100 times faster than traditional 3D printers, which is game-changing.
Picture shows four most popular fee-based fonts, which are available at LG Smart World.
And it can also turn into a commodity, which is a very scary thing.
And it's a scene in which Tom's character wakes up.
It beat out the 1999 film "Shiri," which was seen by 6.2 million people.
Then I used fibers out of my jumper, which I held and stretched.
Then to Niliacus Lacus, which is not a bad name.
Now this brings us to our next pattern, which is body language.
We've got to decide a process by which we decide.
And I would like to compare Uganda, which is there.
Some people call us debunkers, which is kind of a negative term.
This gives him superpowers, which he uses to become Spider-Man.
Imagine Artist creates a compelling world in which to explore art.
This, which is helicodiceros, is also known as dead horse arum.
Then, they can decide which jobs they want to pursue.
Which works mathematically, but it just doesn't seem God-like to me.
One box comprises 25 360-milliter bottles, which is common in Korea.
The wind will move feathers on their back, which will drive their feet.
I really enjoyed the first round of episodes in Paris, which aired in July.
It's a robot that has three legs, which is inspired by nature.
It has not yet been decided which actor will play Einstein.
We have been dealing with a similarly very weak feature, which belongs to osmium.
I came to know of the incidents which took place last evening through Brijkishan.
It's produced to get sulfur out of gasoline which I find is somewhat ironic.
Hai Xia is a news anchor of CCTV, which has billions of viewers.
So these numbers are the numbers which denote the roughness of these surfaces.
In Katie's eyes, Lynn is "kira-kira," which means "beautiful and brilliant" in Japanese.
But back to the Phoenix Islands, which is the subject of this Talk.
Exports have remained brisk, which will help sustain growth in the economy.
The shape is that of a marsh snail, which lives in fresh water.
Which kind of surprised me, because I'd never seen 'can't' spelled that way before."
It's three-quarters, roughly, which is less than one and we call that sublinear.
We have brains that evolved in medium-sized ancestors which couldn't walk through rocks.
Because they cannot afford fertilizer, which is also skyrocketing in price.
That is because of China's one-child per family policy, which began in 1978.
Some of them which are selected by students can evaluate teachers.
Let me explain a point at which we did not rise to the occasion.
Which tells you something about our place in the universe.
Also, rich students usually score higher than poor students, which is very unfair.
And today, bread now is associated with obesity, which is very strange.
He correctly spelled "guerdon," which means reward, to win the cash prize of $35,000.
Which of course means we have 10 primary dinosaurs to deal with.
This controversy would not have happened in South Korea, which has no Electoral College.
They partied and danced in the mud, which was sprayed all over the beach.
We didn't have any idea about these things, which we call chimneys.
And it's not just our quality of life which suffers.
Now, which would you rather be? A grid, or manifest destiny?
Which sort of made me feel good, because he'd seen a lot of things.
It boldly imagines a future in which very little hope remains.
Which is, are you talking about the thing with the singing cats?
It is a serial novel, which he updates every weekday.
It's a hard, time-consuming labor, which they have to do for hours every week.
I've tried to work out which is bigger, and it's almost impossible.
It's the support labs, which, by some coincidence, required no windows.
Of this budget, Russia contributes about $11 million, which Moscow now says is too much.
Samuel Morse invented the telegraph, which revolutionized how people could communicate with each other.
And IBM, which made them, just didn't know what to do.
The researchers believe that smoking activates MMP-1, which normally lies dormant in non-smokers.
So we used ultraviolet A, which doesn't make vitamin D.
Again, lots of weak governance which forms a breeding ground for terrorist activity.
This is part of cybercrime which is a $2-trillion-a-year discontinuity in the global economy.
There are other parasites that do this which render the host sterile.
The third way in which sound affects you is cognitively.
Companies in which foreign shareholding exceeds 50 percent also fall into this category.
Today is day number 233 in which I only eat dinner.
If you really want to know which films are the best, ask the people.
Now, there are even greater expectations for the sequel, which was released worldwide recently.
Why not a self-fueling cycle in which we all can participate?
Which is a little good, but not very much good.
It's countries like Nigeria, which are worse off than if they'd never had oil.
"Kipling believed civilization to be something laboriously achieved, which was only precariously defended," Waugh wrote.
They also have an "alarm call," which they use when they sense danger.
So this is the signature out of which we're trying to get patterns.
It needs a means by which you can legitimize international action.
It's pacific, coordinated civil action, which doesn't mean passive action.
It is different from a preview, which implies self-motivated learning.
Few can say for sure which party's members are hiding more secrets.
What comes after populism is "fascism with a smiling face," which denies populism.
It's a process which is playful and creative and informative.
I was curious about them and about the way in which they resolve conflict.
That's a new economic factor, which is fascinating to most people.
She was offered contracts as a model, at which point she teased me.
These were the men I called ammu, which means uncle.
We call it a complex system, which it is, but it's also something else.
Doosan plans to skip the chairman nominee's official succession ceremony, which was slated for August.
And News, which I just mentioned, was started by a researcher.
It surpassed the original "Star Wars" film, which was released in the late 1970s.
We've said decisions shape destiny, which is my focus here.
The company matches the amount, which also given as a donation.
Why do you ask questions to which you already know the answers?
A thief in Geatland has disturbed a fiery dragon which fiercely guards its treasure.
This is a fantastic device which is only beginning to be tapped.
Which is why the parasite is beginning to develop a resistance.
Do you know which button should I push to turn on this machine?
This is also stipulated by the U.N. resolution 1546, which says:
So one meeting tends to lead to another meeting, which leads to another meeting.
The downtrend parallels the U.S. crime rate, which is currently at a 30-year low.
One is power transition, which is change of power amongst states.
These look like injection-molded parts, which is very different than traditional 3D manufacturing.
And then the adult, which comes after, lives for one or two months.
The one way in which they differ, they're extremely social.
Like the Rockefeller Center model, which is kind of from another era.
"Which is better: a normal school education or a hagwon education?"
Unable to reimagine the stupid ways which we have been growing.
It was the seventh time the entertainer received the prize, which is a record.
Among these four foods, Fu Bao grabbed the wotou, which means happiness.
The private company which will manufacture the product provided some of the components.
Hezbollah, which has an extensive presence in South America, could target Americans there.
The movie sets out to close the gap of misunderstanding, which stems from ignorance.
All that from this little formula, which has whatever, five symbols in it.
And he knows something which he will not tell us."
You can do two-tone singing, which monks can do, which is like...
Korea placed 15th in independence, which looks at jobs and education.
Let's move to the western Amazon, which is really the epicenter of isolated peoples.
This is a country which simply gives more to humanity than any other country.
Mounds visualizes the entire dataset as large, gelatinous blobs which kind of jiggle.
I only know nine Lovegroves, two of which are my parents.
In February she broke her wrist, which has badly affected her game.
Sim is even passionate about the World Toilet Association (WTA), of which he is chairman.
The company operated a popular game called Pachinko, which became very successful.
We called the project CyArk, which stands for Cyber Archive.
The game was one on which both countries staked their national pride and honor.
This is the only work in which I visually represent the dead.
It's a bone which is right here. It supports your tongue from behind.
At which point you start to wonder who the trick's really played on.
It is in Austin, Texas, which is where I'm from.
Industry analysts are divided on which standard will prevail between T-DMB and DVB-H.
It puts all the information into these small building blocks, which we call DNA.
To do this, the scientists use "smart" materials called "meta-materials," which can bend light.
But I came up with my estimate, which I felt pretty good about.
Apple did the same thing for Dokdo, Korea's easternmost islets, which Japan calls Takeshima.
It's accelerating the way in which we search for ideas.
And their neighbors, which don't have the molecule, would not.
The brain controls our "body clocks," which affect our sleeping habits.
And there's a whole other type of play, which is object play.
Areca palm is a plant which removes CO2 and converts it into oxygen.
A lot of her research goes on in caves, which can get pretty dusty.
Fans of the show are wondering which company Park will choose.
Now, here's the archway through which you left the dining-room---"
He established the Lance Armstrong Foundation, through which he helps cancer victims and survivors.
They were the actors of this global market, which I mentioned in the beginning.
How about the setting in which animals need to use this call?
Which is appropriate, because actually, this approach is not innovative.
So, we have fewer conflicts today in which fewer people get killed.
LG Electronics released its KV5900, which is the thinnest among slide-type handsets.
"It should be apparent to all which is ""more"" urgent for Korea today."
Rickets softens the bones, which can lead to fractures or even deformity.
Parts of Winter Sonata, in which Bae starred, were filmed there.
Ceramic artificial cartilage has been introduced, which is more durable.
Which was very controversial, but it resonated with a lot of people.
The bus is called "OLEV," which means the Online Electric Vehicle.
And we had one set of countries up there which was the western world.
We are able to see which are the urban scenes that make people happy.
You have these unbelievable new cities in China which you might call tower sprawl.
Sogang University asked the foreigners which item was the most "Korean".
We can experience that powerful thing called anticipation, which is a mortar to desire.
Secondly, they were impressed by Korean sentiment, which has similarities to Brazilian sentiment.
So what is it about a movement which is good or bad?
And information will tell her when to go to market with which product.
The match went to a penalty shootout, which Italy won 3-2.
So this currency becomes credit, which again, is really, really interesting.
Jogging, which is commonplace, and widely accepted as good for you, is solemn.
which is how to make toast, but now with sticky notes or with cards.
Somebody else's is three seconds, which is what I have.
Today, I'd like to show you something which came out of these collaborations.
That's the nature of the ideologized world in which we live in.
This is the kitchen, which is in the same room.
The underground economy usually prompts tax evasion which could lead to a budget deficit.
Dubai imports everything but has two regional specialties, which are leadership and imagination.
First of all, it was a pirate supply store, which is insane.
And the adrenal glands make androgens, which are a masculinizing hormone.
Looking at his history, which is common in the press.
Which is the internationally recognized boundary between Israel and the Palestinian Territories.
Most Seoulites know Jonathan Borofsky's large sculpture, "Hammering Man," which stands tall in Gwanghwamun.
There's another thing, which is you've got to get these genes into cells.
And there was a human romantic element which lent it an unusual roseate colour.
It's three times hotter than Mercury, which is right next to the Sun.
Chang added his final touches on the screenplay, which was originally written by Kim.
Acne on the back is usually left unattended, which leaves pigmentation or scars.
This is a memory which Park Young-seok holds within his heart.
The book introduces 4 bases of DNA, which combine into amino acids.
I've dropped a couple of hints, both of which were ignored.
Nine mummies had calcium buildup in the arteries, which is a sign of atherosclerosis.
Their products will have a "Baranul" brand, which certifies the lava water.
They mostly stayed inside the home, which had two rooms and a bathroom.
No, it's just two days, which is the same as us.
If you have oily dandruff, avoid warming your scalp, which aggravates the symptom.
Some people call us debunkers, which is kind of a negative term.
Speaking of which, I was just about to have lunch.
It appears to have a collective leadership, which gives a certain continuity to its policy.
So again, which potential do we want to bring out?
The first one was called Spokeo, which allowed us to look for Rita Krills.
And it's serving 52,000 villages, which represent about 80 million people.
Which means they have less than 10 or 15 years to go extinct.
We have to rethink the fundamental principles on which we're educating our children.
One is improvements in basic services. especially health, which is a disaster during conflict.
Then there is Kazakhstan, which didn't even have a name before.
Participants tentatively agreed to the proposal, which will be finally drawn up in September.
Confucius also taught compassion and love for others, which is known as "jen."
And it has an internal handrail which gives it its strength.
Which should your school choose to buy - computers or books?
Exports, which only totaled $70 million in 2002, hit $600 million last year.
And you need the fourth factor, which perhaps is the most important factor.
DNA accumulates information through random errors, some of which just happen to work.
First, a process of rationalization of scientific research, which has accelerated technical progress.
Well first of all, it's because we can read it, which is fantastic.
On clay, Nadal has won 72 straight matches, which is a record.
Which is again exploring space, or the lines in space.
We were totally dependent during those years on this amazing acronym, which is MAD.
So the incentives are much larger to produce drugs which treat more people.
Some kids even chatted, which was met with a warning from the teacher.
And the asterisks represent the time at which the mosquito proofing was complete.
It is not the standard by which any informed judgement can be made.
That is the message, which we started 31 years ago.
I use the methods of anthropology to understand the questions in which I'm interested.
I did what I know to do in desperation, which is write.
He starred in the "Terminator" series and other action movies, which had little dialogue.
In eight short years, we're here talking about HIV, malaria, which is all good.
Well, the first piece, which we've talked about, is innovation.
The strong force, the strong nuclear force, which sticks nuclei together, gets weaker.
I personally preferred the Spanish version, which was "Tortugas Ninja." That was much better.
But that subdivides Christianity, Islam and Buddhism into many subgroups, which was too detailed.
Many Christians believe that Jesus spoke that language, which is related to Hebrew.
The brain releases a chemical called dopamine, which makes the person feel good.
Five hearts are given to newcomers, which run out quickly.
Then Apple released the Alex voice, which was the best I'd heard.
However, soup has a lot of salt, which can be bad for people's health.
Lufthansa, which marks the 50th anniversary today, began operating in Korea in 1984.
It also has several mega malls, which are huge shopping malls.
Which nation benefits more from the Korean wave, Korea or Japan?
This is my little diversion into my real passion, which is genetics.
He made a button out of the symbol, which became very popular.
The 32-year-old singer was signed by JC Group International, which is an entertainment company.
I will use these card boxes in which your notebooks came.
Kim grew famous for his novel "Mugunghwa," which was written in 1993.
Recently, the government decided which companies will make the technology for the highway.
And I went down to the room in which I was to be sleeping.
And I'm planning to go from 120,000 feet, which is about 22 miles.
Which one of these guys am I actually related to?
The question is, which of these horizontal lines is longer?
They will not give benefits to universities which don't follow the plan.
The black rectangle is the plot from which the mycorrhiza was added.
And that year, in Kosovo, this terrible, terrible thing happened, which I saw.
This is Kibera, which is the largest slum in East Africa.
KT&G appealed the decision which may even affect KT&G television commercials in the future.
They call themselves "Akdong Musicians," which translates to "Kid Musicians" in English.
The knife, which you can examine my hand, which you could examine.
Which, up until now has had the longest known insect migration.
Some countries have good laws, laws which could stem the tide of HIV.
He performs a musical style called reggae, which is from Jamaica.
"Mr. Robin--alias Cock Robin," supplemented Arnesson, with a comic grimace which affected me unpleasantly.
And it was this which completely revolutionized cybercrime on the Web.
Which of course means that Stygimoloch and Dracorex are extinct.
The third category is represented by Warren Buffet, which I call aggregated giving.
And they converge into this channel here, which drains into this region.
Right, which, I admit, I do. Right? I've talked about it before.
Atul Karwal: aProCh is an organization which has been doing things for kids earlier.
TalkingCock, which was founded in 2002, calls itself "Singapore's Most Powerful Satirical Humor Website."
I have this special interest in things like this, which blow my mind.
In which we were imposing anything other than a democratic system.
It has autonomous organized microcircuits, has these programs which run.
But she did find heme, which is the biological foundation of hemoglobin.
And then comes the ending, which is my favorite part of the whole thing.
Because from a planning perspective, economic degradation begets environmental degradation, which begets social degradation.
And so, for example, there is in texting a convention, which is LOL.
And the moment for which I had waited came too late.
There are other parasites that do this which render the host sterile.
Maroon 5 is preparing for its world tour, which has several stops in Asia.
In particular, the Cultural Heritage Administration, which oversees the national monuments, was severely criticized.
Which camp are you in, by the way, traitor, hero?
And it's been filmed under time-lapse, which is why you can see it moving.
It came from the way in which Beijing has grown as a city.
Legally, though, Dokdo remains Korean territory over which Seoul exercises sovereignty.
Takeshima is the Japanese name for Dokdo island, which is occupied by Korea.
Here is another example of something which is a little spectrophotometer.
The parliament has passed the ban, which will be discussed at Friday's Cabinet meeting.
The lights which Guilfoyle had seen burning all night had not been extinguished.
But there are ways in which our evolutionary history can really trip us up.
We don't agree with some anti-FTA groups, which oppose it mostly for ideological reasons.
This is a concept which I introduced to listen to complaints, listen to grievances.
The question there is: Which country did better, China or India?
And we can mark them individually so we know which ant is which.
This followed two rulings by lower courts which decided in favor of Kim.
Zebroids are easier to ride than zebras, which often have aggressive personalities.
The mother bears are usually killed. The cubs, which are taken, are separated.
Twenty-seven foreign CEOs participated in the IGM survey, which was conducted April 5-20.
Researchers are still working on mastering chess, which is a much more complicated game.
But at the bottom left, you see Electrolux, which is on sale.
Now the problem is there's an X-axis for that, which is the practical axis.
However, the electoral vote, which actually decides the presidency, was a landslide.
All the reasons were economic, which showed that Koreans were worried about money.
It doesn't need to be refrigerated, it doesn't need water, which is often lacking.
They post pictures of thin models, which they call "thinspiration."
The Korean women recovered the overall team title from China, which won in 2009.
And she created a dance piece which then Prime Minister Nehru saw.
And then finally back into the English, which is, we're totally fucked.
Toyota makes the world's most popular hybrid Prius, which sold 126,000 units last year.
So just take a guess in your mind which one is the dolphin.
A lot of kids are squeamish, which means they feel uncomfortable dissecting an animal.
But I like the design, which is really cool, said the St. Petursburg resident.
Nobody has gone through systematically to work out which molecules really are pheromones.
It was just called "Tall Horse," which was a life-sized giraffe.
That's him pressing my buttons back there, which he does all the time.
There are 21 linguistic states in India, which is like saying 21 different countries.
This season, Lee earned 53,891 votes, which represented 49 percent of all ballots available.
UBLove.com is run by UBGlobal Inc., which was founded in April 2000.
Gandhi is commonly called "Mahatma Gandhi," which means "Great Soul."
So symmetry is a language which can help to communicate genetic information.
The height at which they begin in the clouds affects their shape, as well.
A strange race in which the men carry their "wives" took place in Finland.
At Biomimicry Guild, which is my consulting company, we work with HOK Architects.
I give you Congo, which was high, Ghana, lower. And Kenya, even lower.
Well they don't disturb me any more than my tinnitus, which I ignore.
This is abundance, which is exactly what we want our economic system to provide.
These also tend to grow clonally, the oldest of which is 13,000 years old.
This is the blue bar which is driving costs down.
Gaspar Gloves' TouchTec gloves are made of leather, which is treated to conduct electricity.
Which leads to the last topic. Do not forget to have fun.
The school, which was established in 1946, is the top-ranked university of the nation.
I went back to the venue, which was a newly built Mahatma Gandhi Park.
This was one of a series called "Zany Afternoons," which became a book.
He talked about big improvements which made him very popular.
And they showed me a manual which actually was an excellent manual.
Thus the holiday Hanukkah, which means "dedication" in Hebrew, was born.
Then, the patients got new mattresses, not knowing which firmness they had received.
Which size? It's a piece of cake. I like challenges.
I learned how to dance in heels, which means I can walk in heels.
Not a bad return on social capital, which compounds even as you spend it.
This is Siberian Actinobacteria, which is between 400,000 and 600,000 years old.
They shopped at large department stores, which bought clothes from big manufacturers.
He got the same answer, which had the same consequence.
For some reason, she has aphasia, which is difficulty with communication.
I'm a blogger, which, probably to a lot of you, means different things.
In fact, here is a picture of one, which was recently published online.
A bacterium, which has no consciousness at all, wants to move towards light.
And there's a volcano behind, which has glaciers at the very top.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, which comprises 30 major U.S. stocks, fell 0.68 percent Thursday.
Traffic lights did not work, which caused serious traffic jams.
It's the framework onto which the other parts are bolted.
So that sets the stage on which you do this.
Think of the collective anger in Tahrir Square, which brought down a dictator.
Which brings me to the final element, which is education.
It is partially powered by solar energy which it absorbs through large solar panels.
Korea needs to give deep thought on which model it should follow.
She invented the term “bug,” which refers to a computer error.
Singing room sections are ready, in which children can learn and sing ancient songs.
They're important because they speak to parts of children's being which are otherwise untouched.
This is the nature of the world in which we live.
The sauce they give you plenty of, which goes well with rice.
Credit card companies, which suffered severe liquidity problems last year, also led the advance.
At that time, the city was renamed Tokyo, which means "Eastern Capital".
think of your essay as the character through which your ideas emerge.
It is based on the lunar calendar, which follows the phases of the moon.
I did what I know to do in desperation, which is write.
Which is the driving parameter which gives me a perceived temperature?
Last year, Japan drew 19.74 million tourists, compared with Korea, which drew 13.23 million.
Why is there a planet on which there is life which have evolved?
This beautiful object, the Swiss Army knife, which I get credit for participating in.
The program recently covered "Si-chin-myeo," which became the talk of the town.
But she also found osteocytes, which are the cells that laid down the bones.
We have a severe problem in countries which are at a standstill.
Bonds has been accused of using steroids to enhance his performance, which is illegal.
A spectacular framework, inside of which you see, usually, extraordinary blue sky.
Milk from cows given rBST, which is used to boost their milk production is unchanged.
And I'll be cheering him on, no matter which team he plays for.
This is an online game in which you try to survive an oil shortage.
They protested against the importing of U.S. beef, which they said was unsafe.
It is a structure with a few microns, which is an internal wonder.
which includes Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the U.S.
This is a shame which Korea might have deserved at least three decades ago.
It's the interaction of both these magnets which makes this motor spin.
But there is a kind of sonic lineage to which we all belong.
Traffic lights went out, which resulted in major traffic jams in crowded areas.
And they said scaling, which is the build-up of minerals inside of pipes.
One of the casualties was the state's Toleration Act, which was revoked in the 1650s.
Which means that, while we all have one biography, they have many.
In 1981 IBM created a computer called 5150, which sold for $1,565.
Which makes every impulse going through the brain a binary code.
A strong line runs down the side, which makes the car look very sporty.
The gay rights movement posits a world in which my aberrances are a victory.
I was listening to her talk on the phone, which she did a lot.
Mini implants, which are 6mm in length, are used for patients without enough gum.
They were also asked which household items were luxuries and necessities.
When does a nerd turn into Asperger, which is just mild autism?
Samsuryeong is in Pijae which you'll have to cross midway.
There was something about that place which drew me to it.
Additionally, the contest saw little of the chronic regionalism, which haunted past elections.
These are the primary tools by which a politician can do his job.
We wanted to reduce that by 80 percent, which is exactly what we've done.
Mr. Ahmadinejad did not specify which Muslim countries he plans to transfer nuclear technology to.
I'm a tenured professor, which means, basically, I don't have to work anymore.
Now, related to this is another key issue, which is needlestick injuries.
I did what I know to do in desperation, which is write.
The medical encyclopedia is called "Donguibogam" in Korean, which means "Mirror of Eastern Medicine."
They even accused subscribers of overusing cell phones which allegedly inflate charges.
TalkingCock, which was founded in 2002, calls itself "Singapore's Most Powerful Satirical Humor Website."
If yes, the Stasi often used a method which was really diabolic.
And I feel that we have a special connection, which I value very much.
Ghandi's successful methods of nonviolent protest were called "Satyagraha," which means "insistence on truth."
They wrote what is now called arena rock, which is medium-speed ballads.
We've got a database of words which we recognize. We pick those words out.
Without it, the water would not know in which direction to flow.
I guess it also looks a little bit like human skin, which intrigues me.
Arnesson twitted him good-naturedly about his irascibility--which only made him more irritable.
Here's the Virgin Mary on the backside, which they started to wipe off.
They named it CLEVER, which stands for Compact Low Emission Vehicle for Urban Transport.
It was the Editors' Choice in Science, which is a top science magazine.
Read the article "Which Statue Do You Want on Sejong Street?"
So then we found out something which was very amazing for us.
This is the result of my hobby, which is unofficial bin inspections.
And then there's the bottom one, which is called the jazz paradigm.
In September, Shinhan will begin to integrate Chohung Bank, which it acquired in July 2003.
Pure fission bombs, which are the simplest nuclear bombs, are made of enriched uranium.
The gunman was dressed in bullet-proof gear which people thought was a costume.
I've got a very confused background which perhaps makes me appropriate for confused times.
And Frank, you've come to a place in your life, which is astonishing.
And we started to write software which could link the data like this.
And the yellow line is the number of injuries, which has remained essentially flat.
It will be harder and harder to publish material which discomfits radical Islamists.
Which is there isn't actually a "you" at the heart of all these experiences.
Which is, you go onto a stage. There is an orchestra sitting.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
Next to North Korea was Brazil, the host country, which chose the 30th building.
The passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
The rate at which the technology is getting faster is itself getting faster.
Mubarak refused to dissolve martial law which was decreed when Sadat was killed.
Children are eating more sweets and snack foods, which damage teeth, the report said.
